Dzelge fix carray drop issue (#240)
dcs4cop/xcube: CHANGES.md

  hidden `xcube apply` command. (#167) 
* Added new function `xcube.core.geom.rasterize_features()` 
  to rasterize vector-data features into a dataset. (#222)

> * Made xarray version 0.14.1 minimum requirement due to dropping xarray's drop 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Made xarray version 0.14.1 minimum requirement due to deprecation of xarray's `Dataset.drop`
```

>   method and replacing it with drop_sel and drop_vars. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  method and replaced it with `drop_sel` and `drop_vars` accordingly. 
```
